activity/MissionActivity.java
 activity.MissionActivity
activity/QuickAlarmActivity.java
 activity.QuickAlarmActivity
activity/WelcomeStepOneActivity.java
 activity.WelcomeStepOneActivity
appiumControl/Label.java
 appiumControl.Label
deviceFactory/DeviceAndroid.java
 deviceFactory.DeviceAndroid
deviceFactory/IDevice.java
 deviceFactory.IDevice
activity/DiscardMissionMessageActivity.java
 activity.DiscardMissionMessageActivity
activity/MainActivity.java
 activity.MainActivity
tests/AddQuickAlarmTest.java
 tests.AddQuickAlarmTest
deviceFactory/FactoryDevices.java
 deviceFactory.FactoryDevices
appiumControl/Button.java
 appiumControl.Button
appiumControl/ControlBase.java
 appiumControl.ControlBase
activity/WelcomeActivity.java
 activity.WelcomeActivity
activity/MainMissionActivity.java
 activity.MainMissionActivity
deviceFactory/DeviceWindowsPhone.java
 deviceFactory.DeviceWindowsPhone
sessionManager/Session.java
 sessionManager.Session
appiumControl/DeviceFunctionsBase.java
 appiumControl.DeviceFunctionsBase
deviceFactory/DeviceBrowserStack.java
 deviceFactory.DeviceBrowserStack
activity/SelectMissionActivity.java
 activity.SelectMissionActivity
appiumControl/DeviceTime.java
 appiumControl.DeviceTime
appiumControl/ViewGroup.java
 appiumControl.ViewGroup
deviceFactory/DeviceIOS.java
 deviceFactory.DeviceIOS
